[Music]
as long as anyone could remember Lenny
was a different kind of shark I don't
know how else to say this to you Lenny
you see something you eat it period
that's what sharks do you got understand
when you look weak it makes me look weak
I know right here in front of me now eat
this jeez ha here's the thing I'm a
vegetarian as long as anyone could
remember Oscar was always in trouble is
a sure thing who trips under water and
by the way why that's it all right I
want you to find the safest darkest all
in the ocean
[Music]
the little fish told a great white lie
Aska did you kill yeah yeah exactly how
look that's how it is remember this name
[Music]
[Applause]
you need to slay a shark and I need to
disappear is what we're gonna do the
studio that brought you Shrek boss tell
you what's what and what what what what
what what nothing you said what first I
just say what first you said in then why
and I said what I said what what you
said what first tale now snap your fin
right on it snap oh hey don't sweat it a
lot of white fish can't do it
[Music]
you